What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
   When we initialize a repository in a directory a hidden folder by the name of .git is created in that folder the meta data containing details of the 
files that were changed is present in the .git folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The stagging area is a place we can put in selected files that we want to commit if we are still working on other files that have not been 
completed yet, also its different from the working directory as it contains all the files currently being worked on and the repository contains
the history of versions and files of those versions. The Staging area adds tremenduous value as it enables us to save only logical changes to our 
program rather than committing whole programs

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
  We can only include the files that we want to commit in to the stagging area rather than commiting everything in the working directory

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
  Branches help in segregating different software builds like production build, and testing build with new features or bug fixes

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  It provides a more intutive view of the branch structure and helps to identify branches that are not reachable 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
  When we merge two branches together we combine the code and files present in both branches  


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
  By using the staging area, we can enter only files that are a part of the logical change and we won't have to commit files in the working directory 
  that have only partailly been completed.
  
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
When you want to work on new experimental features that might not work or still are not ready for production and you want to keep the production builds separate
Branches would help you to acheive this

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  The make it easier to identify unreachable commits and as its in the form of a graph its more intutive
  
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
  The result is different features of both branches are combined into one and we represent the diagram in a graph for better visualization

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pro's of Git automatic mergeing is that it saves time and effort while the con of always doing automatic mergeing is that it might be prone to errors
   Thas why git lets us resolve conflits in the code while merging




